------------------------
BPMN Miner v2.0
------------------------

Requirements: Java 7 or above

What it does:

BPMN Miner is a tool discovering maximally-structured, hierarchical BPMN models containing subprocesses from an event log.

How:

BPMN Miner implements the technique described in the following papers:

Raffaele Conforti, Marlon Dumas, Luciano García-Bañuelos, Marcello La Rosa: BPMN Miner: Automated discovery of BPMN process models with hierarchical structure. Information Systems 56, 2016.

Raffaele Conforti, Marlon Dumas, Luciano García-Bañuelos, Marcello La Rosa: Beyond Tasks and Gateways: Discovering BPMN Models with Subprocesses, Boundary Events and Activity Markers. BPM 2014, Springer LNCS, 2014.

Adriano Augusto, Raffaele Conforti, Marlon Dumas, Marcello La Rosa, Giorgio Bruno. Automated Discovery of Structured Process Models: Discover Structured vs. Discover and Structure. ER 2016, Springer LNCS, 2016.


USAGE:
java -jar BPMNMiner.jar

	Input: 	None.
	Output: The discovered BPMN model.
	
Once started the algorithm will ask for several inputs:

1)  The location of the log file, e.g. "C:\log.xes"
2)  If you want to order the events inside each trace of the log based on their time stamp.
3)  The flat process mining algorithm, e.g. "Heuristic Miner ProM6".
4)  If you want to use different parameters from the default parameters.
4a) The tolerance value for identifying an interrupting event, value between 0 and 1. Default value 0.0.
4b) The number of times a subprocess/activity is required to happen in parallel in order to be considered multi instance.
    The value expressed in percentage over the total number of occurrences of the subprocess/activity is a value between 0 and 1. 
    Default value 0.0.
4c) The tolerance value for identifying a multi instance, a value between 0 and 1. Default value 0.5.
4d) The number of times a subprocess/activity is interrupted after an X amount of time required in order to identify a timer event.
    The value expressed in percentage over the total number of occurrences of the subprocess/activity is a value between 0 and 1. 
    Default value 0.0.
4e) The tolerance value for identifying a timer event, a value between 0 and 1. Default value 0.0.
4f) The noise threshold of TANE for the identification of primary keys, a value between 0 and 1. Default value 0.3.
5)  The algorithm for the detection of primary keys, i.e. normal (Spider) or noise tolerant (TANE)

Release notes:

2.0 - Structured Miner incorporated, for maximally-structuring the output model	
1.0 - initial version
